Replace "option" in doc when it refers to a flag (#11050)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/language/cic.rst

.. flag:: Template Check

>    Unsetting flag :flag:`Template Check` disables the check of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This flag is on by default. Turning it off disables the check of
```
